The Joe Rogan experience.
Super spooky to be around somebody that you think might have done that. No.
I, I, I know a, a few murderists that. Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean,
I didn't know at the time when I met them, but over the years gone. Oh my well,
the guy who got the, the pass Johnny mulran was on 16 minutes.
He shot at stop shopping in someville and people go, you know what that is?
I go, Johnny, he, hi Lenny. I went, oh, Hey Johnny 25 murder. And,
and you know, how's he out, uh, deals, you know? I mean,
he did time. He did a lot of time not, but he was on 60, no, 25. Come on.
You kidding. Seems like he should be in jail 70 to bull.
How many did send me to bull kill? And he was on, he was out there,
met in Arizona. I think he's still out. Yeah, he is. Think he's out again.
Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean, I got no beef for him. No, I don't either.
So one of my buddies, uh, in high school, his name was Barbara. Good.
He was the funniest, funniest person I ever met my life. What? Without doubt,
one day he stole 12 corvettets, 12 red corvettets and lined him up outside.
And in one of the corvettets it was a briefcase full of cash.
And he went in and he bought the entire lunchroom lunch. Lunch is on me.
<laugh> at high school, right? Lunch is on me still.
Corette in high school school. So CORs. Oh yeah.
And he lined him up outside Jesus Christ. Oh, he was amazing. So he,
he goes to Jay, he goes to wallpool you remember? Wallpost? I said, okay,
so we're doing a show at wallpo, you know,
a couple guys asked me where you come in. Yeah. So they said, Mr. Clark,
before you come in,
we just wanna let you know if there's any drugs or drug remnants on you.
You're not gonna be released. And I went, oh, let me change my clothes.
So I changed my clothes. I went in and I did the show and it was really they.
So they would swab you. Yeah, it was, they, they just, it.
Was. So if they swabbed you and they found coconut in your shirt.
You're staying. Yeah. And they, and they explain that,
and this is like 35 years ago. Right. So,
and this was when Wal Paul was still maximum secur, you know,
I mean the worst of the worst. So we go in and, uh,
I'm with DJ and a couple of people, DJ has it. And I thinkwan how's he doing?
I don't, I think there was a cancer thing.
And then he beat that and I got stories about, but Hey, good guy. Oh my God.
Remind me about DJ. I wanna finish this. So I'm on stage. And I'm thinking,
Hey man, Bump's in here. Right? Think, and he jumps up on stage and I go B,
he goes, how you doing? He goes, I'm in here on and assumed name.
I'm in here to Danny. This is 35 years ago.
He's in war Paul under an assumed name. I mean, I could that be,
you know, well, anyway, he gets out and then he,
he murders some guy <laugh> and he goes back and he's in for double life.
Now two murders. And I said to him, B why'd you kill the guy. He goes,
he was talking. You know, <laugh> he just a little bit of a guy, but funny.
I mean, he's the type of guy, someone, him to kick his.
You make them laugh so hard. You couldn't punch him. He was that funny.
And now he's in, he's been in for, I got, I wanna visit him, but you know,
they said, it's not a good idea, but I'm gonna go visit him. You know,
I'm not look old now, but he's been, he's been over 30 years now.
But the thing is only thing that I guess.
With me and what I stand on is that I was able to forgive him.
And that's,
that has been the turnaround in my life to tend to make
people, people all be wondered about the ear, the earbody. And I said,
but I forgave him. Everybody said, so what's special about that. I,
but everywhere I go around the world with the Muslim,
whatever, and people say, wow, this guy can forgive.
How can you forgive when you already beating the guy? Yeah. I said,
but you know, but it is, it's what it is. What life have to be.
If you going to survive with even your brothers and sisters.
Cause if you don't forgive nobody,
you gonna be a mad person and you gonna find yourself locked up. Right.
Right. And it's gonna haunt you. Yes. Whereas if you forgave him,
it took a weight off your shoulders. Yeah.
I'm talking I'm I, Mike and I,
we do a lot of things together because the forgiveness part. Absolutely.
It's cool to see you two together now. I mean, when,
when I have seen things that you've done together, I'm like, wow, it's crazy.
Like after he bit you, those crazy fights and to see you together,
laughing and joking around together, it's, it's pretty.
Interesting. Well, I'm telling me when you tell people, you know,
when you don't choose your parents, you don't choose your name neighborhood.
You ain't choose your skin color. You ain't choose to be tall or short,
but you know, this is your statue. And, and two people,
two people who came from the ghetto who box and and box
was the only thing I did real well. Okay. And football. And,
but the thing is that after all that look at how much money we made
doing something that we, by doing it properly, we make money. Yeah.
We make money and we can both, you know,
raise our family in the way that we wanted to raise them.
How long did it take after the fight before you forgave them? Uh.
By it, I think after about, by the time I,
I got into the locker room and everybody started
complaining, man, I can't believe he did this, this, this, this. I said, look,
I said, did he bite you? They said, no. Oh, okay. I said he bit me. Right.
And I said, now I'm going, forgive him. You know what?
Y'all got to forgive me into. Wow. They said, what you mean forgiving? I said,
he ain't bite you. I said, bit me. <laugh>. I said, look, I'm a forgive it. Wow.
So you Forga him in the locker room right after the.
Fight. Yes. Because the thing is, the thing is I, you know,
I was really mad coming,
coming down and people throwing water and people are mad and they upset because
they didn't get a chance to see what they really wanted to see. Right.
Like this. And so they were mad and they were upset. And, and I asked,
you know, me, I figured who in control of God.
So I said, Lord, what is this thing all about it? He said, forgive.
Were you outta weapons? Were you outta outta ammo? N so my, no,
he had came up and he started choking me. Um,
I had shot him once before and he, I was trying to pick my buddy do Lee. My, my,
my, one of my closest Afghans dot Lee had been shot. He, he got kill.
He had been killed. And I came around this terrace to get him.
And I was on my knee and this guy came up behind me. And, um,
so he didn't have a weapon either. He was trying, no, he did. He,
he had a weapon and I ended up shooting him from the ground.
And I thought he was dead when he fell on the ground.
And I kind of moved down and got down with dotta Lee, cuz we,
I was still getting shot at, from this machine gun up on this hill.
And I trying to make myself small as I could. And um,
this guy ends up coming up and choking me. Like I thought he was,
I thought he was dead and he ends up choking me out.
He starts trying to choke me out and eventually led up a little bit and I ended
up getting around him and I just got,
we were fighting back and forth and I can remember all of us thinking about was
like, don't let his legs get on me. Like, you know, these guys, their legs are,
I mean, they've been crawling up mountains, their whole life. And he was a,
he was a pretty big dude. And um,
I just remember getting on top of him finally got on top of him and I ended up,
I, I was rolling on top of him. He didn't have all the gear on I did. And um,
I ended up, I remember getting on top of him, like,
like I was straddling him and I'm just reaching up,
trying to grab for anything I can and I'm holding him and um,
holding him down with my throat, with my,
my forearm and I'm just grabbing anything I can't.
And finally I ended up grabbing a rock and I just started beating this dude's
face in and I just started beating and beating and beating. And I remember,
I remember just like finally, like after hitting him, you know, I don't know,
three or four times four or five times, whatever. I remember him,
like finally just kind of looking at me and like, just it's it's like,
he's like just, I'm just looking him in the eyes,
like obviously closer than me to you right now. And you just see all the,
you can tell, like he knows where this is going. And I always think about that,
you know? Um, obviously I would kill him a million times over again. Right. He,
he was the enemy. Like I don't feel bad about that part of it,
but I just think about like in that moment,
if I can find a way to relate to him in that moment,
a man I'm taking his life,
we all in America can find a way to connect with each other.
If we don't connect with each other it's cuz we choose not to.
I don't care what your differences are. Like.
Don't like find a reason of why we can get along,
not why we should not get along. Right. And, and I,
I always think about that moment, you know, of this guy and you know,
he obviously ended up dying and, and, and it, what it showed me was is that no,
cause that you that's built on hate will survive.
I didn't hate this guy. I didn't even know him, but I was willing to,
to take his life because of what I loved.
He was so cool. Like, everybody liked that guy.
And he used to like to get high and go to strip clubs. <laugh> yeah.
He used to like to get high and go to strip clubs,
get high and ride around in his boat. I went to a strip club with him. Wow.
Do you remember which one? Um, I think it was Bob's classy lady.
I think that's what it was called. I don't think it's around out anymore,
but he had an appreciation for these young ladies
that was like, it was,
it was almost childlike, but it wasn't creepy. He was like, God,
you're beautiful. You look. Cause he was high. He was like, you look amazing.
This isn't incredible. Like he was having a good time. He was a,
he was a really, really unique character. I remember there was a guy who was,
um, some guy was blackmailing him and uh,
some guy had filmed him at a strip club with his wife
and his wife was getting a lap dance and he was getting a lamp dance too.
And the guy was like,
he wrote some really creepy letter saying that this is gonna violate the
policies cuz you know,
Phil had had endorsements and commercial deals and he was doing movies and stuff
like that. He was just blowing up, got a Ferrari, you know,
he was blowing up and um, this guy had, uh,
went to his house and nailed this VHS tape and an envelope to
his garage door. And uh,
I was with him on, on a phone call. So it Phil, like,
I'm gonna talk to him right now. I'm come, come, come, come in my room.
So I went in his, uh, dressing room and the guy calls me and say, Hey,
what's going on buddy?
He was talking to the guy like the guy was his friend and they were saying at
the guy up and you know, Phil's gonna give him, like,
I forget what the money was.
Tens of thousands of dollars meet me at this place and I'll meet you there.
And he had, uh, these, uh,
for lack of a better term,
he had someone who's a dangerous person meet this guy and let,
to know in no uncertain terms that his life was gonna take a terrible turn for
the worst if he continued down this path. And, but it was, uh,
it was weird to see like someone trying to exploit him. And the guy was so dumb.
He actually met with Phil. Like Phil knew who the guy was like, he,
he saw his face, you know, he was there with the guy and the guy was like, look,
you know, I just need some money. And Phil's like, look, I get it. It's not,
no big deal. You know? It's just,
it's weird when you see someone trying to like prey on, like,
they think that's their way out. Like this is my way out.
I'm just gonna get this guy to gimme some money and then I'm gonna put it all
together. You get it Phil. I mean, I just need some money. He is like,
I get it buddy. No big deal.
But he was just playing this guy along until the dangerous men came and
talked to him. These vegans were set up in front of this,
I guess where we'd get hamburgers. Oh, that big guy burst through the line. Big.
Yeah.
Big. Yeah.
So when do hunters ever like get confrontational
and violent with people who don't want to eat meat? Right?
When does that happen?
Well, they think somehow or another by blocking this burger stand that they're
changing the world. They're just trying to be activists. You know,
they're trying to get a message out and most of them will to quit.
They're gonna quit veganism and they're gonna start eating meat again because
their health. Yeah. That's, that's the truth. It's some ridiculous number.
Google. This what number? I, I think they said the number of, uh,
vegans and vegetarians that eat meat when they're drunk is something outrageous.
It's like close to 90%. <laugh> yeah.
Well not how.
Many, how many vegans wind to up quitting and eating meat?
What if they've ever done a study on that? This.
Is like a big thing, cuz you know, there's been a movement,
sort of a movement and people have different success rates with being a vegan,
but cam Newton, who is a quarterback of the Carolina Panthers, big dude,
6, 6, 2 50, 2 60.
He went vegan and he cannot get healthy. He cannot he's been injured.
He's I mean the face of the franchise,
probably a hundred million dollar contract. Um,
I mean made it to the super bowl,
but since just been on a decline and it is like almost
hand hand with this change into vegan.
Well, you know that guy, Dr. Sean Baker,
he's the advocate of that connivore diet.
He marks all these people that were in originally in that game changers
documentary that James Cameron put out. Yeah. A ton of em,
quit before the movie came out and they had to pull 'em outta the movie because
they were vegan and because of health reasons they had to quit. Right.
It's it's an rination movie. Yeah. And it's also,
it's extremely biased and it's not focusing on all of the
various problems that people have.
It's only focused on the positive aspects of it.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and distorting the reality of those positive messages,
particularly like the strong man who's on a fuckload of steroids. Yeah.
They forget that part. They forget that part. And,
and then all these other athletes like these,
these we're not talking and even the strong men,
he's not like an elite strong man. Yeah. You're not talking about some,
like when I had Robert ORST in here. Right. He's like everybody eats the same.
He's like meat and rice. Like they eat meat. Yeah.
Like all those strong men eat the same thing, the real strong men,
the ones who actually win the competitions. What do you got? Jamie? It's.
Uh, very controversial, real search that came out. But it's uh,
a very repeated number of 84% of vegans and vegetarians end up going back
to eating meat at some.
Level. Yeah. Right before they die.
Okay.